The Most Holy Rosary
Of the Blessed Virgin Mary
The Method of St. Louis de Montfort

V. Salvator Mundi (Saviour of the World)
R. Salva Russiam (Saviour of Russia)

I unite with all the saints in Heaven, with all the just on earth, with all the faithful here present, and with Thee, O my Jesus, in order to praise Thy holy Mother worthily, and to praise Thee in her and through her.  I renounce all distractions which may arise during this rosary. I desire to say it with attention and devotion, as if it were the last of my life. 

We offer Thee, O most Holy Trinity, this Creed in honour of all the mysteries of our Faith: this Our Father and these three Hail Marys in honour of the unity of Thy Essence and the trinity of Thy Persons.  We ask of Thee a lively faith, a firm hope and an ardent charity. Amen.

Creed. Our Father. Hail Mary (x3). Glory be.

O Mary, conceived without sin, pray for us who have recourse to thee, and for all who do not have recourse to thee, especially for the Freemasons. (St. Maximilian Kolbe)

I. THE ANNUNCIATION
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this first decade in honour of thy Incarnation in Mary's womb, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through her intercession, a profound humility.

Our Father.   Hail Mary (x10).   Glory be.   
Oh, my Jesus! forgive us our sins; save us from the fires of hell.  Lead all souls to Heaven, especially those in most need of Thy mercy.
May the grace of the mystery of the Annunciation come down into our souls. Amen.
(Each subsequent decade is prayed in this manner.)

II. THE VISITATION
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this second decade  in honour of the Visitation of Thy holy Mother to her cousin St. Elizabeth and the sanctification of St. John the Baptist, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through the intercession of Thy Holy Mother, charity towards our neighbour.
III. THE NATIVITY
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this third decade  in honour of Thy Nativity in the stable of Bethlehem, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through the intercession of Thy Holy Mother, detachment from the things of the world, contempt of riches and love of poverty.
IV. THE PRESENTATION IN THE TEMPLE
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this fourth decade in honour of Thy Presentation in the Temple and the Purification of Mary, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through the intercession of Thy Holy Mother, purity of body and soul. 
V. THE FINDING OF OUR LORD IN THE TEMPLE
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this fifth decade in honour of Mary's finding Thee in the Temple, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through the intercession of Thy Holy Mother, the gift of true wisdom.

I. THE AGONY IN THE GARDEN
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this first decade in honour of Thy Agony in the Garden of Olives, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through the intercession of Thy holy Mother, contrition for our sins.
II. THE SCOURGING
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this second decade in honour of Thy bloody Scourging, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through the intercession of Thy Holy Mother, the grace of mortifying our senses.
III. THE CROWNING WITH THORNS
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this third decade  in honour of Thy being crowned with thorns, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through the intercession of Thy Holy Mother, contempt of the world.
IV. THE CARRYING OF THE CROSS
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this fourth decade in honour of Thy carrying of the Cross, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through the intercession of Thy Holy Mother, patience in bearing our crosses.
V. THE CRUCIFIXION
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this fifth decade in honour of Thy Crucifixion and ignominious death on Calvary, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through the intercession of Thy Holy Mother, the conversion of sinners, the perseverance of the just and the relief of the souls in Purgatory.

I. THE RESURRECTION
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this first decade in honour of Thy glorious Resurrection, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through the intercession of Thy holy Mother, love of God and fervour in Thy service.
II. THE ASCENSION
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this second decade  in honour of Thy triumphant Ascension, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through the intercession of Thy Holy Mother, an ardent desire for Heaven, our true home.
III. THE DESCENT OF THE HOLY GHOST
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this third decade in honour of the Mystery of Pentecost, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through the intercession of Thy Holy Mother, the coming of the Holy Ghost into our souls.
IV.  THE  ASSUMPTION
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this fourth decade in honour of Thy resurrection and triumphant Assumption of Thy holy Mother into Heaven, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through her intercession, a tender devotion for so good a Mother.
V. THE CORONATION OF THE BLESSED VIRGIN
We offer Thee, O Lord Jesus, this fifth decade in honour of Thy Coronation of Thy holy Mother, and we ask of Thee, through this Mystery and through her intercession, perseverance in grace and a crown of glory hereafter.


Hail, Holy Queen.
Let us pray.
O God, whose only begotten Son, by His life, death, and resurrection, has purchased for us the rewards of eternal life, grant, we beseech Thee, that meditating upon these mysteries of the Most Holy Rosary of the Blessed Virgin Mary, we may imitate what they contain and obtain what they promise, through the same Christ Our Lord. Amen. 

FATIMA PRAYERS:
My God, I believe, I adore, I hope and I love Thee.  I ask pardon for those who do not believe, do not adore, do not hope and do not love Thee.

Most Blessed Trinity--Father, Son, and Holy Ghost--I adore thee profoundly.  I offer Thee the most precious Body, Blood, Soul and Divinity of Jesus Christ, present in all the tabernacles of the world, in reparation for the outrages, sacrileges and indifference by which He is so much offended.  And through the infinite merits of the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus and of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, I beg of Thee the conversion of poor sinners.

Most Sacred Heart of Jesus...Have mercy on us. (x3)
Sorrowful and Immaculate Heart of Mary...Pray for us. (x3)
Our Mother of Perpetual Succor...Pray for us.
St. Joseph.
St. Alphonsus.
(other saints)
Holy Guardian Angels...watch over us.
Archangels, Angels, Saints in Heaven and Souls in Purgatory...Pray for us.

Prayers for the intentions of our Holy Father:
Our Father. Hail Mary. Glory be.

May the Divine assistance remain with us always.
And may the Souls of the faithful departed, through the mercy of God, rest in peace. Amen.

